Privacy Policy
Last updated: February 2026

Overview
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally identifiable information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.

What personal information do we collect?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other details to help you with your experience.

When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to a newsletter, fill out a form or enter information on our site.

How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:

To personalize user's experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To improve our website in order to better serve you.
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
To quickly process your transactions.
How do we protect visitor information?
We do not use vulnerability scanning and/or scanning to PCI standards. We use regular Malware Scanning. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order to maintain the safety of your personal information. All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.

Do we use 'cookies'?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.

We use cookies to:

Help remember and process the items in the shopping cart.
Understand and save user's preferences for future visits.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings.

If users disable cookies in their browser
If you disable cookies off, some features will be disabled. It will turn off some of the features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. However, you can still place orders via the shopping cart or over the telephone by contacting customer service.

Third Party Disclosure
Do we disclose the information we collect to Third Parties? We sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your name, address, city, town, any form or online contact identifier email, name of chat account etc., screen name or user names, phone number personally identifiable information.

Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites.

Google
We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website. Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.

We have implemented the following:

Google Display Network Impression Reporting
Demographics and Interests Reporting
Opting out: Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page or opt out via network advertising opt-out tools.

CalOPPA
CalOPPA requires commercial websites to post a privacy policy. We agree to the following: Users can visit our site anonymously. Our Privacy Policy link includes the word 'Privacy' and can be easily found. Users will be notified of any privacy policy changes on our Privacy Policy Page. Users can change their personal information by emailing us, calling us, logging into their account, or sending a ticket.

Do Not Track & Third Party Tracking
We honor Do Not Track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place. It's also important to note that we do not allow third party behavioral tracking.

COPPA & CAN-SPAM
We do not specifically market to children under 13. The CAN-SPAM Act sets rules for commercial email; if you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us and we will promptly remove you from all correspondence.

Contact
If you have questions about this privacy policy, please contact us via the information provided on our website.