Return & Refund Policy
Last updated: February 2026

Return Policy
Only manufacturer defects or items damaged during shipping will be authorized for full credit. Damaged or missing items must be reported within 48 hours of delivery. All other products may be returned to Phantom Distribution within 30 days from invoice date. Unless the fault of Phantom Distribution, all returned items will incur a restocking fee of 10%, and the customer will be responsible for any shipping charges. Unauthorized returns will not be credited or reshipped.

Restocking Fees
Phantom Distribution reserves the right to charge a 10% restocking fee on all items being returned. Please make sure that you thoroughly go over your order during the order review section of the checkout, in order to avoid any problems.

Damages & Shortages
Any order discrepancies must be reported within 48 hours of delivery. All orders leave our warehouse in good condition. If your boxes appear to be opened, re-taped, damaged, or tampered with in any way, you must keep the original boxes and file a claim with the carrier. If your order arrives in good condition but contains damages, shortages, or overages, please contact a Customer Service Representative to file a claim. If it is the fault of Phantom Distribution, any damaged or shorted merchandise will be credited or reshipped at our expense. In the case of overages or incorrect merchandise, Phantom Distribution will arrange for return shipping.

Perishable Items Return Policy
Phantom Distribution will not accept any returns or issue credit on perishable products from our customers. We cannot guarantee the storage or shipping conditions from our customers to Phantom Distribution, and therefore cannot in good conscience resell this product to other customers. Phantom Distribution customers are expected to consider this policy and order perishable goods accordingly.

Shipping & Delivery
At this time, Phantom Distribution ships merchandise to locations within the United States, including Alaska and Hawaii. There is a surcharge for shipments being sent to Hawaii or Alaska. The risk of loss and title for all merchandise ordered on this Website pass to you when the merchandise is delivered to the shipping carrier. Orders are typically shipped within 1-2 days. All orders are shipped UPS or FedEx unless otherwise requested.